I have a, a
rather big problem that, uh, I want to
talk to you about.
Right.
I want you to give it some, uh,
some real thought because it's, uh,
it's, uh,
something that I have thought about for
weeks, and
I, I think it, uh,
we can't think of how it affects
us personally.
We've got to think about the world-
Right.
-and our country
and our government
and then ourselves way down at the bottom
of the
list. I want you to be my solicitor
general.
Wow.
Now, you lose a lot. You lose security,
and you,
you lose, uh, uh, the freedom
that you like, and you lose
the philosophizing that you do, and
I'm familiar with all those things.
Uh-
The number one problem
I have is security for my family.
Well, uh, you won't lose any. And
I want you to do it for two,
three reasons.
One,
I want the top lawyer in the United States
representing me before the Supreme Court-
Right.
-to be a Negro, and it be a damn good
lawyer that's done it before.